## Establishing Trust in your BTP Global Account and Subaccount 

In steps 3 and 4 we understand the process of Activating the SAP Cloud Identity Services and the multiple options which can be used. To manage your SAP Global Account, the user creations can be categorized into [Business Users and Platform Users](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/user-and-member-management). This exercise will help us to understand how to establish Trust within our Global Account to manage your Users.  

First, let us understand the User Types: 

**Business Users** - use the applications deployed on your BTP Accounts. Examples: Mobile Apps, workflow applications, portal applications, integration scenarios, portal apps, etc., can be considered business users.  

**Platform Users** – are the people who access your BTP Platform to manage/develop applications. Examples: administrators, developers, support executives, operators who manage deployments, auditors who look at the licensing and costing, etc., are considered platform users.  

SAP Cloud Identity Services can manage both user types, however, if you wish to use your existing user base (**Corporate Identity Provide**) we recommend using the proxy options.  For Platform Users, if the user base is low, you may still use the **Default Identity Provider** and manage your users. However, we recommend using SAP Cloud Identity Services for its benefits.  

 
**Establishing Trust in Your Global Account**

To establish trust in your Global Account, navigate to your Global Account, Click on **Security** -> click on **Trust Configurations** -> click on **Establish Trust** -> Here you should be able to see our **SAP Cloud Identity Service Tenant** URL if the services activated as per the previous steps -> **Select** it and click on **Establish Trust**.

